You have 2 pokemonno battlepokemon faintedYou have 2 pokemon
no battle
pokemon fainted
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
pokemon fainted
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
pokemon fainted
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
pokemon fainted
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
pokemon fainted
battle
battle
no battle
pokemon fainted
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
party_num not 1
wiped! walking back to grass
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
no battle
pokemon fainted
no battle
pokemon fainted
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
You have 2 pokemon
no battle
party_num not 1
wiped! walking back to grass
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
no battle
party_num not 1
we not in pc
walking around in grass
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
battle
